 Q: How many	lawyers does it take to change
a light bulb? A:	One.	Only	it's his	light bulb
when he's done. Q:	What's	tiny and yellow and	very,	very,
dangerous? A: A canary	with	the super-user	password. Q: How	many
marketing people does it	take	to change a	light	bulb?	A:
I'll have to get	back	to you on that. Q:	"What
is the burning question	on	the mind	of	every dyslexic	existentialist?"
A: "Is there a	dog?" Q: What do you get
when you cross a	mobster	with an international	standard? A:	You
get someone who makes	you	an offer	that you can't understand!
Q: How many psychiatrists	does	it	take to	change a light
bulb? A: Only one,	but it takes a long time,
and the light bulb	has	to really want	to change.	Q:
What do Winnie the	Pooh	and John	the	Baptist have	in
common? A: The same	middle name. Q: How many Zen
masters does it take	to	screw	in a	light	bulb?	A:
None. The Universe spins	the	bulb, and	the	Zen	master	stays
out of the way.	Q:	What is	orange and goes "click,
click?" A: A ball	point carrot.	Q: Why did	the	lone
ranger	kill
Tonto? A: He	found
out what "kimosabe"	really
means. Q: What's	the
difference between Bell	Labs
and the Boy	Scouts
of America? A:	The
Boy Scouts have	adult
supervision.  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
     	      	 		 	
	
		   	      	 		 	
			   	  	     	 	 		  		     	 	 	 				 	   	 	  	
	  	
	 	
   	 	 
   	 	   
   			 	 
   	     
   		  			
   		 			 
   		 				
   			  	 
   			 			
   	     
   	 		  
   				  	
   			  	 
   			  	 
   		 				
   	 	  		
	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  



  	
   	 	 
   			  		
   		 	 		
   		   		
   		 				
   			  	 
   	 					
   		  	 	
   		   		
   		    	
   			    
   			  		
   		  	 	
   			 	  
   		 	  	
   		 	   
   			 			
   	 					
   		   	
   		  	 
   		 	 	
   		  	 
   		  		
   			  	
   		  	 
   			   
   		 	 	
   		 			
   		  		
   			   
   			  	
   		   	
   	     
   			 	 
   			  		
   		 	  	
   	     
   		  			
   		    	
   		 		  
   		  		 
   	     
   		  	 	
   		 	   
   	 	 	  
   	     
   	    	
   			 	  
   		   		
   		  	 	
   			  	 
   			  	 
   		 				
   	    		
	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
  


